Update createDefinition.md (#1236)
contao/docs: docs/dev/reference/hooks/createDefinition.md

sheet is imported. It passes the key and value, the original format definition 
and the data array as arguments and expects an array or `null` as return value.

{{% notice info %}}

> Using the `sendNewsletter` hook has been deprecated and will no longer work in Contao 5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `createDefinition` hook has been deprecated and will no longer work in Contao 5.0. There is no replacement as the internal stylesheet functionality has been removed in Contao 5.0.
```
